2.When you run a DB Instance as a Multi-AZ deployment, the “_____” serves database writesand readsA. secondaryB. backup
C. stand by
D. primary
Answer: primary
3.While creating an Amazon RDS DB, your first task is to set up a DB ______ that controlswhat IP addresses or EC2 instances have access to your DB Instance.A. Security PoolB. Secure Zone
C. Security Token Pool
D. Security Group
Answer: Security Group
4.If I write the below command, what does it do?ec2-run ami-e3a5408a -n 20 -g appserverA. Start twenty instances as members of appserver group.B. Creates 20 rules in the security group named appserver
C. Terminate twenty instances as members of appserver group.
D. Start 20 security groups
Answer: Start twenty instances as members of appserver group.
5.Fill in the blanks: Resources that are created in AWS are identified by a unique identifiercalled an __________A. Amazon Resource NumberB. Amazon Resource Nametag
C. Amazon Resource Name
D. Amazon Reesource Namespace
Answer: Amazon Resource Name
6.What is the Reduced Redundancy option in Amazon S3?A. Less redundancy for a lower cost.B. It doesn’t exist in Amazon S3, but in Amazon EBS.
C. It allows you to destroy any copy of your files outside a specific jurisdiction.
D. It doesn’t exist at all
Answer: Less redundancy for a lower cost.
7.What does Amazon SWF stand for?A. Simple Web FlowB. Simple Work Flow
C. Simple Wireless Forms
D. Simple Web Form
Answer: Simple Work Flow
8.All Amazon EC2 instances are assigned two IP addresses at launch, out of which one canonly be reached from within the Amazon EC2 network?A. Multiple IP addressB. Public IP address
C. Private IP address
D. Elastic IP Address
Answer: Private IP address
9.What does RRS stand for when talking about S3?A. Redundancy Removal SystemB. Relational Rights Storage
C. Regional Rights Standard
D. Reduced Redundancy Storage
Answer: Reduced Redundancy Storage
10.If I want an instance to have a public IP address, which IP address should I use?A. Elastic IP AddressB. Class B IP Address
C. Class A IP Address
D. Dynamic IP Address
Answer: Elastic IP Address
11.Select the most correct answer: The device name /dev/sda1 (within Amazon EC2) is _____A. Possible for EBS volumesB. Reserved for the root device
C. Recommended for EBS volumes
D. Recommended for instance store volumes
Answer: Reserved for the root device
12.Before I delete an EBS volume, what can I do if I want to recreate the volume later?A. Create a copy of the EBS volume (not a snapshot)B. Store a snapshot of the volume
C. Download the content to an EC2 instance
D. Back up the data in to a physical disk
Answer: Store a snapshot of the volume
13.You must assign each server to at least _____ security groupA. 3B. 2
C. 4
D. 1
Answer: 1
14.What does Amazon S3 stand for?A. Simple Storage Solution.B. Storage Storage Storage (triple redundancy Storage).
C. Storage Server Solution.
D. Simple Storage Service.
Answer: Simple Storage Service.
15.Your firm has uploaded a large amount of aerial image data to S3 In the past, in your onpremises environment, you used a dedicated group of servers to oaten process this data andused Rabbit MQ -An open source messaging system to get job information to the servers.Once processed the data would go to tape and be shipped offsite. Your manager told you tostay with the current design, and leverage AWS archival storage and messaging services tominimize cost. Which is correct?A. Use SQS for passing job messages use Cloud Watch alarms to terminate EC2 worker instances when they become idle. Once data is processed, change the storage class of the S3 objects to Reduced Redundancy Storage.B. Setup Auto-Scaled workers triggered by queue depth that use spot instances to process messages in SOS Once data is processed,
C. Change the storage class of the S3 objects to Reduced Redundancy Storage. Setup Auto-Scaled workers triggered by queue depth that use spot instances to process messages in SQS Once data is processed, change the storage class of the S3 objects to Glacier.
D. Use SNS to pass job messages use Cloud Watch alarms to terminate spot worker instances when they become idle. Once data is processed, change the storage class of the S3 object to Glacier.
Answer: Change the storage class of the S3 objects to Reduced Redundancy Storage. Setup Auto-Scaled workers triggered by queue depth that use spot instances to process messages in SQS Once data is processed, change the storage class of the S3 objects to Glacier.
16.A web-startup runs its very successful social news application on Amazon EC2 with an ElasticLoad Balancer, an Auto-Scaling group of Java/Tomcat application-servers, and DynamoDBas data store. The main web-application best runs on m2 x large instances since it is highlymemory-bound Each new deployment requires semi-automated creation and testing of a newAMI for the application servers which takes quite a while ana is therefore only done once perweek. Recently, a new chat feature has been implemented in nodejs and wails to beintegrated in the architecture. First tests show that the new component is CPU boundBecause the company has some experience with using Chef, they decided to streamline thedeployment process and use AWS Ops Works as an application life cycle tool to simplifymanagement of the application and reduce the deployment cycles.What configuration in AWS Ops Works is necessary to integrate the new chat module in themost cost-efficient and flexible way?A. Create one AWS Ops Works stack, create one AWS Ops Works layer, create one custom recipeB. Create one AWS Ops Works stack create two AWS Ops Works layers create one custom recipe
C. Create two AWS Ops Works stacks create two AWS Ops Works layers create one custom recipe
D. Create two AWS Ops Works stacks create two AWS Ops Works layers create two custom recipe
Answer: Create one AWS Ops Works stack create two AWS Ops Works layers create one custom recipe
17.A web company is looking to implement an intrusion detection and prevention system intotheir deployed VPC. This platform should have the ability to scale to thousands of instancesrunning inside of the VPC.How should they architect their solution to achieve these goals?A. Configure an instance with monitoring software and the elastic network interface (ENI) set to promiscuous mode packet sniffing to see an traffic across the VPC.B. Create a second VPC and route all traffic from the primary application VPC through the second VPC where the scalable virtualized IDS/IPS platform resides.
C. Configure servers running in the VPC using the host-based ‘route’ commands to send all traffic through the platform to a scalable virtualized IDS/IPS.
D. Configure each host with an agent that collects all network traffic and sends that traffic to the IDS/IPS platform for inspection.
Answer: Create a second VPC and route all traffic from the primary application VPC through the second VPC where the scalable virtualized IDS/IPS platform resides.
18.You are running a successful multitier web application on AWS and your marketingdepartment has asked you to add a reporting tier to the application. The reporting tier willaggregate and publish status reports every 30 minutes from user-generated information thatis being stored in your web application s database. You are currently running a Multi-AZ RDSMySQL instance for the database tier. You also have implemented Elasticache as a databasecaching layer between the application tier and database tier. Please select the answer thatwill allow you to successfully implement the reporting tier with as little impact as possible toyour database.A. Continually send transaction logs from your master database to an S3 bucket and generate the reports off the S3 bucket using S3 byte range requests.B. Generate the reports by querying the synchronously replicated standby RDS MySQL instance maintained through Multi-AZ.
C. Launch a RDS Read Replica connected to your Multi AZ master database and generate reports by querying the Read Replica.
D. Generate the reports by querying the ElastiCache database caching tier.
Answer: Launch a RDS Read Replica connected to your Multi AZ master database and generate reports by querying the Read Replica.
19.You deployed your company website using Elastic Beanstalk and you enabled log file rotationto S3. An Elastic Map Reduce job is periodically analyzing the logs on S3 to build a usagedashboard that you share with your CIO. You recently improved overall performance of thewebsite using Cloud Front for dynamic content delivery and your website as the originAfter this architectural change, the usage dashboard shows that the traffic on your websitedropped by an order of magnitude. How do you fix your usage dashboard’?A. Enable Cloud Front to deliver access logs to S3 and use them as input of the Elastic Map Reduce job.B. Turn on Cloud Trail and use trail log tiles on S3 as input of the Elastic Map Reduce job
C. Change your log collection process to use Cloud Watch ELB metrics as input of the Elastic Map Reduce job
D. Use Elastic Beanstalk “Rebuild Environment” option to update log delivery to the Elastic Map Reduce job.
E. Use Elastic Beanstalk ‘Restart App server(s)” option to update log delivery to the Elastic Map Reduce job.
Answer: Enable Cloud Front to deliver access logs to S3 and use them as input of the Elastic Map Reduce job.
20.Your customer is willing to consolidate their log streams (access logs application logs securitylogs etc.) in one single system. Once consolidated, the customer wants to analyze these logsin real time based on heuristics. From time to time, the customer needs to validate heuristics,which requires going back to data samples extracted from the last 12 hours?What is the best approach to meet your customer’s requirements?A. Send all the log events to Amazon SQS. Setup an Auto Scaling group of EC2 servers to consume the logs and apply the heuristics.B. Send all the log events to Amazon Kinesis develop a client process to apply heuristics on the logs
C. Configure Amazon Cloud Trail to receive custom logs, use EMR to apply heuristics the logs
D. Setup an Auto Scaling group of EC2 syslogd servers, store the logs on S3 use EMR to apply heuristics on the logs
Answer: Send all the log events to Amazon Kinesis develop a client process to apply heuristics on the logs
21.You are looking to migrate your Development (Dev) and Test environments to AWS. Youhave decided to use separate AWS accounts to host each environment. You plan to link eachaccounts bill to a Master AWS account using Consolidated Billing. To make sure you Keepwithin budget you would like to implement a way for administrators in the Master account tohave access to stop, delete and/or terminate resources in both the Dev and Test accounts.Identify which option will allow you to achieve this goal.A. Create IAM users in the Master account with full Admin permissions. Create cross-account roles in the Dev and Test accounts that grant the Master account access to the resources in the account by inheriting permissions from the Master account.B. Create IAM users and a cross-account role in the Master account that grants full Admin permissions to the Dev and Test accounts.
C. Create IAM users in the Master account Create cross-account roles in the Dev and Test accounts that have full Admin permissions and grant the Master account access.
D. Link the accounts using Consolidated Billing. This will give IAM users in the Master account access to resources in the Dev and Test accounts
Answer: Create IAM users in the Master account Create cross-account roles in the Dev and Test accounts that have full Admin permissions and grant the Master account access.
22.Your team has a tomcat-based Java application you need to deploy into development, testand production environments. After some research, you opt to use Elastic Beanstalk due to itstight integration with your developer tools and RDS due to its ease of management. Your QAteam lead points out that you need to roll a sanitized set of production data into yourenvironment on a nightly basis. Similarly, other software teams in your org want access tothat same restored data via their EC2 instances in your VPC .The optimal setup forpersistence and security that meets the above requirements would be the following.A. Create your RDS instance as part of your Elastic Beanstalk definition and alter its security group to allow access to it from hosts in your application subnets.B. Create your RDS instance separately and add its IP address to your application’s DB connection strings in your code Alter its security group to allow access to it from hosts within your VPC’s IP address block.
C. Create your RDS instance separately and pass its DNS name to your app’s DB connection string as an environment variable. Create a security group for client machines and add it as a valid source for DB traffic to the security group of the RDS instance itself.
D. Create your RDS instance separately and pass its DNS name to your’s DB connection string as an environment variable Alter its security group to allow access to It from hosts In your application subnets.
Answer: Create your RDS instance as part of your Elastic Beanstalk definition and alter its security group to allow access to it from hosts in your application subnets.
23.You are developing a new mobile application and are considering storing user preferences inAWS.2w This would provide a more uniform cross-device experience to users using multiplemobile devices to access the application. The preference data for each user is estimated tobe 50KB in size Additionally 5 million customers are expected to use the application on aregular basis. The solution needs to be cost-effective, highly available, scalable and secure,how would you design a solution to meet the above requirements?A. Setup an RDS MySQL instance in 2 availability zones to store the user preference data. Deploy a public facing application on a server in front of the database to manage security and access credentialsB. Setup a DynamoDB table with an item for each user having the necessary attributes to hold the user preferences. The mobile application will query the user preferences directly from the DynamoDB table. Utilize STS. Web Identity Federation, and DynamoDB Fine Grained Access Control to authenticate and authorize access.
C. Setup an RDS MySQL instance with multiple read replicas in 2 availability zones to store the user preference data .The mobile application will query the user preferences from the read replicas. Leverage the MySQL user management and access privilege system to manage security and access credentials.
D. Store the user preference data in S3 Setup a DynamoDB table with an item for each user and an item attribute pointing to the user’ S3 object. The mobile application will retrieve the S3 URL from DynamoDB and then access the S3 object directly utilize STS, Web identity Federation, and S3 ACLs to authenticate and authorize access.
Answer: Setup a DynamoDB table with an item for each user having the necessary attributes to hold the user preferences. The mobile application will query the user preferences directly from the DynamoDB table. Utilize STS. Web Identity Federation, and DynamoDB Fine Grained Access Control to authenticate and authorize access.
24.A company is building a voting system for a popular TV show, viewers win watch theperformances then visit the show’s website to vote for their favorite performer. It is expectedthat in a short period of time after the show has finished the site will receive millions ofvisitors. The visitors will first login to the site using their Amazon.com credentials and thensubmit their vote. After the voting is completed the page will display the vote totals. Thecompany needs to build the site such that can handle the rapid influx of traffic whilemaintaining good performance but also wants to keep costs to a minimum. Which of thedesign patterns below should they use?A. Use CloudFront and an Elastic Load balancer in front of an auto-scaled set of web servers, the web servers will first can the Login With Amazon service to authenticate the user then process the users vote and store the result into a multi-AZ Relational Database Service instance.B. Use CloudFront and the static website hosting feature of S3 with the Javascript SDK to call the Login With Amazon service to authenticate the user, use IAM Roles to gain permissions to a DynamoDB table to store the users vote.
C. Use CloudFront and an Elastic Load Balancer in front of an auto-scaled set of web servers, the web servers will first call the Login with Amazon service to authenticate the user, the web servers will process the users vote and store the result into a DynamoDB table using IAM Roles for EC2 instances to gain permissions to the DynamoDB table.
D. Use CloudFront and an Elastic Load Balancer in front of an auto-scaled set of web servers, the web servers will first call the Login. With Amazon service to authenticate the user, the web servers win process the users vote and store the result into an SQS queue using IAM Roles for EC2 Instances to gain permissions to the SQS queue. A set of application servers will then retrieve the items from the queue and store the result into a DynamoDB table.
Answer: Use CloudFront and an Elastic Load Balancer in front of an auto-scaled set of web servers, the web servers will first call the Login. With Amazon service to authenticate the user, the web servers win process the users vote and store the result into an SQS queue using IAM Roles for EC2 Instances to gain permissions to the SQS queue. A set of application servers will then retrieve the items from the queue and store the result into a DynamoDB table.
25.A large real-estate brokerage is exploring the option o( adding a cost-effective location basedalert to their existing mobile application The application backend infrastructure currently runson AWS Users who opt in to this service will receive alerts on their mobile device regardingreal-estate otters in proximity to their location. For the alerts to be relevant delivery timeneeds to be in the low minute count the existing mobile app has 5 million users across the usWhich one of the following architectural suggestions would you make to the customer?A. The mobile application will submit its location to a web service endpoint utilizing Elastic Load Balancing and EC2 instances: DynamoDB will be used to store and retrieve relevant otters EC2 instances will communicate with mobile earners/device providers to push alerts back to mobile application.B. Use AWS DirectConnect or VPN to establish connectivity with mobile carriers EC2 instances will receive the mobile applications ‘ location through carrier connection: ROS will be used to store and relevant relevant offers EC2 instances will communicate with mobile carriers to push alerts back to the mobile application
C. The mobile application will send device location using SQS. EC2 instances will retrieve the relevant others from DynamoDB. AWS Mobile Push will be used to send offers to the mobile application
D. The mobile application will send device location using AWS Mobile Push EC2 instances will retrieve the relevant offers from DynamoDB EC2 instances will communicate with mobile carriers/device providers to push alerts back to the mobile application.
Answer: The mobile application will send device location using SQS. EC2 instances will retrieve the relevant others from DynamoDB. AWS Mobile Push will be used to send offers to the mobile application
26.You need a persistent and durable storage to trace call activity of an IVR (Interactive VoiceResponse) system. Call duration is mostly in the 2-3 minutes timeframe. Each traced call canbe either active or terminated. An external application needs to know each minute the list ofcurrently active calls, which are usually a few calls/second. Put once per month there is aperiodic peak up to 1000 calls/second for a few hours. The system is open 24/7 and anydowntime should be avoided. Historical data is periodically archived to files. Cost saving is apriority for this project. What database implementation would better fit this scenario, keepingcosts as low as possible?A. Use RDS Multi-AZ with two tables, one for -Active calls” and one for -Terminated calls”. In this way the “Active calls_ table is always small and effective to access.B. Use DynamoDB with a “Calls” table and a Global Secondary Index on a “IsActive'” attribute that is present for active calls only In this way the Global Secondary index is sparse and more effective.
C. Use DynamoDB with a ‘Calls” table and a Global secondary index on a ‘State” attribute that can equal to “active” or “terminated” in this way the Global Secondary index can be used for all Items in the table.
D. Use RDS Multi-AZ with a “CALLS” table and an Indexed “STATE* field that can be equal to ‘ACTIVE” or -TERMINATED” In this way the SOL query Is optimized by the use of the Index.
Answer: Use DynamoDB with a “Calls” table and a Global Secondary Index on a “IsActive'” attribute that is present for active calls only In this way the Global Secondary index is sparse and more effective.
27.Your company is in the process of developing a next generation pet collar that collectsbiometric information to assist families with promoting healthy lifestyles for their pets Eachcollar will push 30kb of biometric data In JSON format every 2 seconds to a collectionplatform that will process and analyze the data providing health trending information back tothe pet owners and veterinarians via a web portal Management has tasked you to architectthe collection platform ensuring the following requirements are met.Provide the ability for real-time analytics of the inbound biometric data Ensure processing ofthe biometric data is highly durable. Elastic and parallel The results of the analytic processingshould be persisted for data mining Which architecture outlined below win meet the initialrequirements for the collection platform?A. Utilize S3 to collect the inbound sensor data analyze the data from S3 with a daily scheduled Data Pipeline and save the results to a Redshift Cluster.B. Utilize Amazon Kinesis to collect the inbound sensor data, analyze the data with Kinesis clients and save the results to a Redshift cluster using EMR.
C. Utilize SQS to collect the inbound sensor data analyze the data from SQS with Amazon Kinesis and save the results to a Microsoft SQL Server RDS instance.
D. Utilize EMR to collect the inbound sensor data, analyze the data from EUR with Amazon Kinesis and save me results to DynamoDB.
Answer: Utilize Amazon Kinesis to collect the inbound sensor data, analyze the data with Kinesis clients and save the results to a Redshift cluster using EMR.
28.You have recently joined a startup company building sensors to measure street noise and airquality in urban areas. The company has been running a pilot deployment of around 100sensors for 3 months each sensor uploads 1KB of sensor data every minute to a backendhosted on AWS. During the pilot, you measured a peak or 10 IOPS on the database, and youstored an average of 3GB of sensor data per month in the database.The current deployment consists of a load-balanced auto scaled Ingestion layer using EC2instances and a PostgreSQL RDS database with 500GB standard storage.The pilot is considered a success and your CEO has managed to get the attention or somepotential investors. The business plan requires a deployment of at least 1O0K sensors whichneeds to be supported by the backend. You also need to store sensor data for at least twoyears to be able to compare year over year Improvements.To secure funding, you have to make sure that the platform meets these requirements andleaves room for further scaling. Which setup win meet the requirements?A. Add an SOS queue to the ingestion layer to buffer writes to the RDS instanceB. Ingest data into a DynamoDB table and move old data to a Redshift cluster
C. Replace the RDS instance with a 6 node Redshift cluster with 96TB of storage
D. Keep the current architecture but upgrade RDS storage to 3TB and 10K provisioned IOPS
Answer: Ingest data into a DynamoDB table and move old data to a Redshift cluster
29.You have launched an EC2 instance with four (4) 500 GB EBS Provisioned IOPS volumesattached The EC2 Instance Is EBS-Optimized and supports 500 Mbps throughput betweenEC2 and EBS The two EBS volumes are configured as a single RAID o device, and eachProvisioned IOPS volume is provisioned with 4.000 IOPS (4 000 16KB reads or writes) for atotal of 16.000 random IOPS on the instance The EC2 Instance initially delivers the expected16 000 IOPS random read and write performance Sometime later in order to increase thetotal random I/O performance of the instance, you add an additional two 500 GB EBSProvisioned IOPS volumes to the RAID Each volume Is provisioned to 4.000 IOPs like theoriginal four for a total of 24.000 IOPS on the EC2 instance Monitoring shows that the EC2instance CPU utilization increased from 50% to 70%. but the total random IOPS measured atthe instance level does not increase at all.What is the problem and a valid solution?A. Larger storage volumes support higher Provisioned IOPS rates: increase the provisioned volume storage of each of the 6 EBS volumes to 1TB.B. The EBS-Optimized throughput limits the total IOPS that can be utilized use an EBS-Optimized instance that provides larger throughput.
C. Small block sizes cause performance degradation, limiting the I’O throughput, configure the instance device driver and file system to use 64KB blocks to increase throughput.
D. RAID 0 only scales linearly to about 4 devices, use RAID 0 with 4 EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes but increase each Provisioned IOPS EBS volume to 6.000 IOPS.
E. The standard EBS instance root volume limits the total IOPS rate, change the instant root volume to also be a 500GB 4.000 Provisioned IOPS volume.
Answer: The standard EBS instance root volume limits the total IOPS rate, change the instant root volume to also be a 500GB 4.000 Provisioned IOPS volume.
30.Your company plans to host a large donation website on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Youanticipate a large and undetermined amount of traffic that will create many database writes.To be certain that you do not drop any writes to a database hosted on AWS. Which serviceshould you use?A. Amazon RDS with provisioned IOPS up to the anticipated peak write throughput.B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (SOS) for capturing the writes and draining the queue to write to the database.
C. Amazon ElastiCache to store the writes until the writes are committed to the database.
D. Amazon DynamoDB with provisioned write throughput up to the anticipated peak write throughput.
Answer: Amazon Simple Queue Service (SOS) for capturing the writes and draining the queue to write to the database.
31.Company B is launching a new game app for mobile devices. Users will log into the gameusing their existing social media account to streamline data capture. Company B would like todirectly save player data and scoring information from the mobile app to a DynamoDS tablenamed Score Data When a user saves their game the progress data will be stored to theGame state S3 bucket. What is the best approach for storing data to DynamoDB and S3?A. Use an EC2 Instance that is launched with an EC2 role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB table and the GameState S3 bucket that communicates with the mobile app via web services.B. Use temporary security credentials that assume a role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB table and the Game State S3 bucket using web identity federation.
C. Use Login with Amazon allowing users to sign in with an Amazon account providing the mobile app with access to the Score Data DynamoDB table and the Game State S3 bucket.
D. Use an IAM user with access credentials assigned a role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB table and the Game State S3 bucket for distribution with the mobile app.
Answer: Use temporary security credentials that assume a role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB table and the Game State S3 bucket using web identity federation.
32.A customer has a 10 GB AWS Direct Connect connection to an AWS region where they havea web application hosted on Amazon Elastic Computer Cloud (EC2). The application hasdependencies on an on-premises mainframe database that uses a BASE (Basic Available.Sort stale Eventual consistency) rather than an ACID (Atomicity. Consistency isolation.Durability) consistency model. The application is exhibiting undesirable behavior because thedatabase is not able to handle the volume of writes. How can you reduce the load on your onpremises database resources in the most cost-effective way?A. Use an Amazon Elastic Map Reduce (EMR) S3DistCp as a synchronization mechanism between the on-premises database and a Hadoop cluster on AWS.B. Modify the application to write to an Amazon SQS queue and develop a worker process to flush the queue to the on-premises database.
C. Modify the application to use DynamoDB to feed an EMR cluster which uses a map function to write to the on-premises database.
D. Provision an RDS read-replica database on AWS to handle the writes and synchronize the two databases using Data Pipeline.
Answer: Modify the application to write to an Amazon SQS queue and develop a worker process to flush the queue to the on-premises database.
33.Your company has HQ in Tokyo and branch offices all over the world and is using a logisticssoftware with a multi-regional deployment on AWS in Japan, Europe and USA. The logisticsoftware has a 3-tier architecture and currently uses MySQL 5.6 for data persistence. Eachregion has deployed its own database.In the HQ region you run an hourly batch process reading data from every region to computecross-regional reports that are sent by email to all offices this batch process must becompleted as fast as possible to quickly optimize logistics how do you build the databasearchitecture in order to meet the requirements?A. For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and a read replica in the HQ regionB. For each regional deployment, use MySQL on EC2 with a master in the region and send hourly EBS snapshots to the HQ region
C. For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and send hourly RDS snapshots to the HQ region
D. For each regional deployment, use MySQL on EC2 with a master in the region and use S3 to copy data files hourly to the HQ region
E. Use Direct Connect to connect all regional MySQL deployments to the HQ region and reduce network latency for the batch process
Answer: For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and a read replica in the HQ region
34.Your customer wishes to deploy an enterprise application to AWS which will consist of severalweb servers, several application servers and a small (50GB) Oracle database information isstored, both in the database and the file systems of the various servers. The backup systemmust support database recovery whole server and whole disk restores, and individual filerestores with a recovery time of no more than two hours. They have chosen to use RDSOracle as the database Which backup architecture will meet these requirements?A. Backup RDS using automated daily DB backups Backup the EC2 instances using AMIs and supplement with file-level backup to S3 using traditional enterprise backup software to provide file level restoreB. Backup RDS using a Multi-AZ Deployment Backup the EC2 instances using Amis, and supplement by copying file system data to S3 to provide file level restore.
C. Backup RDS using automated daily DB backups Backup the EC2 instances using EBS snapshots and supplement with file-level backups to Amazon Glacier using traditional enterprise backup software to provide file level restore
D. Backup RDS database to S3 using Oracle RMAN Backup the EC2 instances using Amis, and supplement with EBS snapshots for individual volume restore.
Answer: Backup RDS using automated daily DB backups Backup the EC2 instances using AMIs and supplement with file-level backup to S3 using traditional enterprise backup software to provide file level restore
35.A 3-tier e-commerce web application is current deployed on-premises and will be migrated toAWS for greater scalability and elasticity The web server currently shares read-only datausing a network distributed file system The app server tier uses a clustering mechanism fordiscovery and shared session state that depends on IP multicast The database tier usesshared-storage clustering to provide database fall over capability, and uses several readslaves for scaling Data on all servers and the distributed file system directory is backed upweekly to off-site tapesWhich AWS storage and database architecture meets the requirements of the application?A. Web servers, store read-only data in S3, and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time App servers snare state using a combination or DynamoDB and IP unicast Database use RDS with multi-AZ deployment and one or more Read Replicas Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via Mils database backed up via DB snapshots.B. Web servers store -read-only data in S3, and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time App servers share state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP unicast Database, use RDS with multi-AZ deployment and one or more read replicas Backup web servers app servers, and database backed up weekly to Glacier using snapshots.
C. Web servers store read-only data In S3 and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time App servers share state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP unicast Database use RDS with multi-AZ deployment Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via AM is. Database backed up via DB snapshots
D. Web servers, store read-only data in an EC2 NFS server, mount to each web server at boot time App servers share state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP multicast Database use RDS with multi-AZ deployment and one or more Read Replicas Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via Mils database backed up via DB snapshots
Answer: Web servers, store read-only data in S3, and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time App servers snare state using a combination or DynamoDB and IP unicast Database use RDS with multi-AZ deployment and one or more Read Replicas Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via Mils database backed up via DB snapshots.
36.Which of the following statements are true about Amazon Route 53 resource records?Choose 2 answersA. An Alias record can map one DNS name to another Amazon Route 53 DNS name.B. A CNAME record can be created for your zone apex.
C. An Amazon Route 53 CNAME record can point to any DNS record hosted anywhere.
D. TTL can be set for an Alias record in Amazon Route 53.
E. An Amazon Route 53 Alias record can point to any DNS record hosted anywhere.
Answer: An Alias record can map one DNS name to another Amazon Route 53 DNS name. An Amazon Route 53 CNAME record can point to any DNS record hosted anywhere.
37.What is the minimum time Interval for the data that Amazon CloudWatch receives andaggregates?A. One secondB. Five seconds
C. One minute
D. Three minutes
E. Five minutes
Answer: One minute
38.A company has configured and peered two VPCs: VPC-1 and VPC-2. VPC-1 contains onlyprivate subnets, and VPC-2 contains only public subnets. The company uses a single AWSDirect Connect connection and private virtual interface to connect their on-premises networkwith VPC-1. Which two methods increases the fault tolerance of the connection to VPC-1?Choose 2 answersA. Establish a hardware VPN over the internet between VPC-2 ana the on-premises network.B. Establish a hardware VPN over the internet between VPC-1 and the on-premises network.
C. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in the same region as VPC-2.
D. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in a different AWS region than VPC-1.
E. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in the same AWS region as VPC-1
Answer: Establish a hardware VPN over the internet between VPC-1 and the on-premises network. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in the same AWS region as VPC-1
39.A customer implemented AWS Storage Gateway with a gateway-cached volume at their mainoffice. An event takes the link between the main and branch office offline. Which methods willenable the branch office to access their data? Choose 3 answersA. Use a HTTPS GET to the Amazon S3 bucket where the files are located.B. Restore by implementing a lifecycle policy on the Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Make an Amazon Glacier Restore API call to load the files into another Amazon S3 bucket within four to six hours.
D. Launch a new AWS Storage Gateway instance AMI in Amazon EC2, and restore from a gateway snapshot.
E. Create an Amazon EBS volume from a gateway snapshot, and mount it to an Amazon EC2 instance.
F. Launch an AWS Storage Gateway virtual iSCSI device at the branch office, and restore from a gateway snapshot.
Answer: Launch a new AWS Storage Gateway instance AMI in Amazon EC2, and restore from a gateway snapshot. Create an Amazon EBS volume from a gateway snapshot, and mount it to an Amazon EC2 instance. Launch an AWS Storage Gateway virtual iSCSI device at the branch office, and restore from a gateway snapshot.
40.Which of the following are use cases for Amazon DynamoDB? Choose 3 answersA. Storing BLOB data.B. Managing web sessions.
C. Storing JSON documents.
D. Storing metadata for Amazon S3 objects.
E. Running relational joins and complex updates.
F. Storing large amounts of infrequently accessed data.
Answer: Managing web sessions. Storing JSON documents. Storing metadata for Amazon S3 objects.
41.A US-based company is expanding their web presence into Europe. The company wants toextend their AWS infrastructure from Northern Virginia (us-east-1) into the Dublin (eu-west-1)region. Which of the following options would enable an equivalent experience for users onboth continents?A. Use a public-facing load balancer per region to load-balance web traffic, and enable HTTP health checks.B. Use a public-facing load balancer per region to load-balance web traffic, and enable sticky sessions.
C. Use Amazon Route 53, and apply a geolocation routing policy to distribute traffic across both regions.
D. Use Amazon Route 53, and apply a weighted routing policy to distribute traffic across both regions.
Answer: Use Amazon Route 53, and apply a geolocation routing policy to distribute traffic across both regions.
42.An existing application stores sensitive information on a non-boot Amazon EBS data volumeattached to an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud instance. Which of the following approacheswould protect the sensitive data on an Amazon EBS volume?A. Upload your customer keys to AWS CloudHSM. Associate the Amazon EBS volume with AWS CloudHSM. Re-mount the Amazon EBS volume.B. Create and mount a new, encrypted Amazon EBS volume. Move the data to the new volume. Delete the old Amazon EBS volume.
C. Unmount the EBS volume. Toggle the encryption attribute to True. Re-mount the Amazon EBS volume.
D. Snapshot the current Amazon EBS volume. Restore the snapshot to a new, encrypted Amazon EBS volume. Mount the Amazon EBS volume
Answer: Create and mount a new, encrypted Amazon EBS volume. Move the data to the new volume. Delete the old Amazon EBS volume.
43.Which of the following approaches provides the lowest cost for Amazon Elastic Block Storesnapshots while giving you the ability to fully restore data?A. Maintain two snapshots: the original snapshot and the latest incremental snapshot.B. Maintain a volume snapshot; subsequent snapshots will overwrite one another
C. Maintain a single snapshot the latest snapshot is both Incremental and complete.
D. Maintain the most current snapshot, archive the original and incremental to Amazon Glacier.
Answer: Maintain a single snapshot the latest snapshot is both Incremental and complete.
44.You manually launch a NAT AMI in a public subnet. The network is properly configured.Security groups and network access control lists are property configured. Instances in aprivate subnet can access the NAT. The NAT can access the Internet. However, privateinstances cannot access the Internet. What additional step is required to allow access fromthe private instances?A. Enable Source/Destination Check on the private Instances.B. Enable Source/Destination Check on the NAT instance.
C. Disable Source/Destination Check on the private instances.
D. Disable Source/Destination Check on the NAT instance.
Answer: Disable Source/Destination Check on the NAT instance.
45.A t2.medium EC2 instance type must be launched with what type of Amazon Machine Image(AMI)?A. An Instance store Hardware Virtual Machine AMIB. An Instance store Paravirtual AMI
C. An Amazon EBS-backed Hardware Virtual Machine AMI
D. An Amazon EBS-backed Paravirtual AMI
Answer: An Amazon EBS-backed Hardware Virtual Machine AMI
46.A company is deploying a new two-tier web application in AWS. The company has limitedstaff and requires high availability, and the application requires complex queries and tablejoins. Which configuration provides the solution for the company’s requirements?A. MySQL Installed on two Amazon EC2 Instances in a single Availability ZoneB. Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ
C. Amazon ElastiCache
D. Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ
47.Which of the following are true regarding encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)volumes? Choose 2 answersA. Supported on all Amazon EBS volume typesB. Snapshots are automatically encrypted
C. Available to all instance types
D. Existing volumes can be encrypted
E. shared volumes can be encrypted
Answer: Supported on all Amazon EBS volume types Snapshots are automatically encrypted
48.A company is building software on AWS that requires access to various AWS services. Whichconfiguration should be used to ensure mat AWS credentials (i.e., Access Key ID/SecretAccess Key combination) are not compromised?A. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication for your AWS root account.B. Assign an IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instance.
C. Store the AWS Access Key ID/Secret Access Key combination in software comments.
D. Assign an IAM user to the Amazon EC2 Instance.
Answer: Assign an IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instance.
49.Which of the following services natively encrypts data at rest within an AWS region? Choose 2 answersA. AWS Storage GatewayB. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. Amazon Glacier
E. Amazon Simple Queue Service
Answer: AWS Storage Gateway Amazon Glacier
50.You need to pass a custom script to new Amazon Linux instances created in your AutoScaling group.Which feature allows you to accomplish this?A. User dataB. EC2Config service
C. IAM roles
D. AWS Config
Answer: User data
51.You are building an automated transcription service in which Amazon EC2 worker instancesprocess an uploaded audio file and generate a text file. You must store both of these files inthe same durable storage until the text file is retrieved. You do not know what the storagecapacity requirements are. Which storage option is both cost-efficient and scalable?A. Multiple Amazon EBS volume with snapshotsB. A single Amazon Glacier vault
C. A single Amazon S3 bucket
D. Multiple instance stores
Answer: A single Amazon S3 bucket
52.A customer has a single 3-TB volume on-premises that is used to hold a large repository ofimages and print layout files. This repository is growing at 500 GB a year and must bepresented as a single logical volume. The customer is becoming increasingly constrained withtheir local storage capacity and wants an off-site backup of this data, while maintaining lowlatency access to their frequently accessed data.Which AWS Storage Gateway configuration meets the customer requirements?A. Gateway-Cached volumes with snapshots scheduled to Amazon S3B. Gateway-Stored volumes with snapshots scheduled to Amazon S3
C. Gateway-Virtual Tape Library with snapshots to Amazon S3
D. Gateway-Virtual Tape Library with snapshots to Amazon Glacier
Answer: Gateway-Cached volumes with snapshots scheduled to Amazon S3
53.A customer is running a multi-tier web application farm in a virtual private cloud (VPC) that isnot connected to their corporate network. They are connecting to the VPC over the Internet tomanage all of their Amazon EC2 instances running in both the public and private subnets.They have only authorized the bastion-security-group with Microsoft Remote DesktopProtocol (RDP) access to the application instance security groups, but the company wants tofurther limit administrative access to all of the instances in the VPC.Which of the following Bastion deployment scenarios will meet this requirement?A. Deploy a Windows Bastion host on the corporate network that has RDP access to all instances in the VPC.B. Deploy a Windows Bastion host with an Elastic IP address in the public subnet and allow SSH access to the bastion from anywhere.
C. Deploy a Windows Bastion host with an Elastic IP address in the private subnet, and restrict RDP access to the bastion from only the corporate public IP addresses.
D. Deploy a Windows Bastion host with an auto-assigned Public IP address in the public subnet, and allow RDP access to the bastion from only the corporate public IP addresses.
Answer: Deploy a Windows Bastion host with an auto-assigned Public IP address in the public subnet, and allow RDP access to the bastion from only the corporate public IP addresses.
54.You try to connect via SSH to a newly created Amazon EC2 instance and get one of thefollowing error messages:“Network error: Connection timed out” or “Error connecting to [instance], reason: ->Connection timed out: connect,”You have confirmed that the network and security group rules are configured correctly andthe instance is passing status checks. What steps should you take to identify the source ofthe behavior? Choose 2 answersA. Verify that the private key file corresponds to the Amazon EC2 key pair assigned at launch.B. Verify that your IAM user policy has permission to launch Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Verify that you are connecting with the appropriate user name for your AMI.
D. Verify that the Amazon EC2 Instance was launched with the proper IAM role.
E. Verify that your federation trust to AWS has been established.
Answer: Verify that the private key file corresponds to the Amazon EC2 key pair assigned at launch. Verify that you are connecting with the appropriate user name for your AMI.
55.A customer is hosting their company website on a cluster of web servers that are behind apublic-facing load balancer. The customer also uses Amazon Route 53 to manage their publicDNS. How should the customer configure the DNS zone apex record to point to the loadbalancer?A. Create an A record pointing to the IP address of the load balancerB. Create a CNAME record pointing to the load balancer DNS name.
C. Create a CNAME record aliased to the load balancer DNS name.
D. Create an A record aliased to the load balancer DNS name
Answer: Create an A record aliased to the load balancer DNS name
56.Which of the following instance types are available as Amazon EBS-backed only? Choose 2answersA. General purpose T2B. General purpose M3
C. Compute-optimized C4
D. Compute-optimized C3
E. Storage-optimized 12
Answer: General purpose T2 Compute-optimized C4
57.A company has an AWS account that contains three VPCs (Dev, Test, and Prod) in the sameregion. Test is peered to both Prod and Dev. All VPCs have non-overlapping CIDR blocks.The company wants to push minor code releases from Dev to Prod to speed up time tomarket.Which of the following options helps the company accomplish this?A. Create a new peering connection Between Prod and Dev along with appropriate routes.B. Create a new entry to Prod in the Dev route table using the peering connection as the target.
C. Attach a second gateway to Dev. Add a new entry in the Prod route table identifying the gateway as the target.
D. The VPCs have non-overlapping CIDR blocks in the same account. The route tables contain local routes for all VPCs.
Answer: Create a new peering connection Between Prod and Dev along with appropriate routes.
58.When will you incur costs with an Elastic IP address (EIP)?A. When an EIP is allocated.B. When it is allocated and associated with a running instance.
C. When it is allocated and associated with a stopped instance.
D. Costs are incurred regardless of whether the EIP is associated with a running instance.
Answer: When it is allocated and associated with a stopped instance.
59.You are designing a web application that stores static assets in an Amazon Simple StorageService (S3) bucket. You expect this bucket to immediately receive over 150 PUT requestsper second. What should you do to ensure optimal performance?A. Use multi-part upload.B. Add a random prefix to the key names.
C. Amazon S3 will automatically manage performance at this scale.
D. Use a predictable naming scheme, such as sequential numbers or date time sequences, in the key names
Answer: Add a random prefix to the key names.
60.A company is deploying a two-tier, highly available web application to AWS. Which serviceprovides durable storage for static content while utilizing lower Overall CPU resources for theweb tier?A. Amazon EBS volumeB. Amazon S3
C. Amazon EC2 instance store
D. Amazon RDS instance
Answer: Amazon S3
61.A customer wants to track access to their Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) buckets andalso use this information for their internal security and access audits. Which of the followingwill meet the Customer requirement?A. Enable AWS CloudTrail to audit all Amazon S3 bucket access.B. Enable server access logging for all required Amazon S3 buckets.
C. Enable the Requester Pays option to track access via AWS Billing
D. Enable Amazon S3 event notifications for Put and Post.
Answer: Enable server access logging for all required Amazon S3 buckets.
62.You have an application running on an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud instance, that uploads5 GB video objects to Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Video uploads are taking longerthan expected, resulting in poor application performance.Which method will help improve performance of your application?A. Enable enhanced networkingB. Use Amazon S3 multipart upload
C. Leveraging Amazon CloudFront, use the HTTP POST method to reduce latency.
D. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store Provisioned IOPs and use an Amazon EBS-optimized instance
Answer: Use Amazon S3 multipart upload
63.A photo-sharing service stores pictures in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) and allowsapplication sign-in using an OpenID Connect-compatible identity provider. Which AWSSecurity Token Service approach to temporary access should you use for the Amazon S3operations?A. SAML-based Identity FederationB. Cross-Account Access
C. AWS Identity and Access Management roles
D. Web Identity Federation
Answer: Web Identity Federation
64.You are deploying an application to track GPS coordinates of delivery trucks in the UnitedStates. Coordinates are transmitted from each delivery truck once every three seconds.You need to design an architecture that will enable real-time processing of these coordinatesfrom multiple consumers. Which service should you use to implement data ingestion?A. Amazon KinesisB. AWS Data Pipeline
C. Amazon AppStream
D. Amazon Simple Queue Service
Answer: Amazon Kinesis
65.What does specifying the mapping /dev/sdc=none when launching an instance do?A. Prevents /dev/sdc from creating the instance.B. Prevents /dev/sdc from deleting the instance.
C. Set the value of /dev/sdc to ‘zero’.
D. Prevents /dev/sdc from attaching to the instance.
Answer: Prevents /dev/sdc from attaching to the instance.
66.What is the durability of S3 RRS?A. 99.99%B. 99.95%
C. 99.995%
D. 99.999999999%
Answer: 99.99%
67.A company is preparing to give AWS Management Console access to developers Companypolicy mandates identity federation and role-based access control. Roles are currentlyassigned using groups in the corporate Active Directory. What combination of the followingwill give developers access to the AWS console? (Select 2) Choose 2 answersA. AWS Directory Service AD ConnectorB. AWS Directory Service Simple AD
C. AWS Identity and Access Management groups
D. AWS identity and Access Management roles
E. AWS identity and Access Management users
Answer: AWS Directory Service AD Connector AWS identity and Access Management roles
68.A company needs to monitor the read and write IOPs metrics for their AWS MySQL RDSinstance and send real-time alerts to their operations team. Which AWS services canaccomplish this? Choose 2 answersA. Amazon Simple Email ServiceB. Amazon CloudWatch
C. Amazon Simple Queue Service
D. Amazon Route 53
E. Amazon Simple Notification Service
Answer: Amazon CloudWatch Amazon Simple Notification Service
69.Which set of Amazon S3 features helps to prevent and recover from accidental data loss?A. Object lifecycle and service access loggingB. Object versioning and Multi-factor authentication
C. Access controls and server-side encryption
D. Website hosting and Amazon S3 policies
Answer: Object versioning and Multi-factor authentication
70.Which of the following notification endpoints or clients are supported by Amazon SimpleNotification Service? Choose 2 answersA. EmailB. CloudFront distribution
C. File Transfer Protocol
D. Short Message Service
E. Simple Network Management Protocol
Answer: Email Short Message Service
71.A company needs to deploy services to an AWS region which they have not previously used.The company currently has an AWS identity and Access Management (IAM) role for theAmazon EC2 instances, which permits the instance to have access to Amazon DynamoDB.The company wants their EC2 instances in the new region to have the same privileges. Howshould the company achieve this?A. Create a new IAM role and associated policies within the new regionB. Assign the existing IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instances in the new region
C. Copy the IAM role and associated policies to the new region and attach it to the instances
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the instance and copy it to the desired region using the AMI Copy feature
Answer: Assign the existing IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instances in the new region
72.You have a load balancer configured for VPC, and all back-end Amazon EC2 instances are inservice. However, your web browser times out when connecting to the load balancer’s DNSname. Which options are probable causes of this behavior? Choose 2 answersA. The load balancer was not configured to use a public subnet with an Internet gateway configuredB. The Amazon EC2 instances do not have a dynamically allocated private IP address
C. The security groups or network ACLs are not property configured for web traffic.
D. The load balancer is not configured in a private subnet with a NAT instance.
E. The VPC does not have a VGW configured.
Answer: The load balancer was not configured to use a public subnet with an Internet gateway configured The security groups or network ACLs are not property configured for web traffic.
73.You have a content management system running on an Amazon EC2 instance that isapproaching 100% CPU utilization. Which option will reduce load on the Amazon EC2instance?A. Create a load balancer, and register the Amazon EC2 instance with itB. Create a CloudFront distribution, and configure the Amazon EC2 instance as the origin
C. Create an Auto Scaling group from the instance using the CreateAutoScalingGroup action
D. Create a launch configuration from the instance using the CreateLaunchConfiguration action
Answer: Create an Auto Scaling group from the instance using the CreateAutoScalingGroup action
74.Which of the following are true regarding AWS CloudTrail? Choose 3 answersA. CloudTrail is enabled globallyB. CloudTrail is enabled by default
C. CloudTrail is enabled on a per-region basis
D. CloudTrail is enabled on a per-service basis.
E. Logs can be delivered to a single Amazon S3 bucket for aggregation.
F. CloudTrail is enabled for all available services within a region.
G. Logs can only be processed and delivered to the region in which they are generated.
Answer: CloudTrail is enabled globally CloudTrail is enabled on a per-region basis Logs can be delivered to a single Amazon S3 bucket for aggregation.
75.You have a distributed application that periodically processes large volumes of data acrossmultiple Amazon EC2 Instances. The application is designed to recover gracefully fromAmazon EC2 instance failures. You are required to accomplish this task in the most costeffective way.Which of the following will meet your requirements?A. Spot InstancesB. Reserved instances
C. Dedicated instances
D. On-Demand instances
Answer: Spot Instances
76.You have an environment that consists of a public subnet using Amazon VPC and 3instances that are running in this subnet. These three instances can successfullycommunicate with other hosts on the Internet. You launch a fourth instance in the samesubnet, using the same AMI and security group configuration you used for the others, but findthat this instance cannot be accessed from the internet.What should you do to enable Internet access?A. Deploy a NAT instance into the public subnet.B. Assign an Elastic IP address to the fourth instance.
C. Configure a publically routable IP Address in the host OS of the fourth instance.
D. Modify the routing table for the public subnet.
Answer: Assign an Elastic IP address to the fourth instance.
77.In order to optimize performance for a compute cluster that requires low inter-node latency,which of the following feature should you use?A. Multiple Availability ZonesB. AWS Direct Connect
C. EC2 Dedicated Instances
D. Placement Groups
E. VPC private subnets
Answer: Placement Groups
78.When an EC2 instance that is backed by an S3-based AMI is terminated, what happens tothe data on the root volume?A. Data is automatically saved as an EBS snapshot.B. Data is automatically saved as an EBS volume.
C. Data is unavailable until the instance is restarted.
D. Data is automatically deleted.
Answer: Data is automatically deleted.
79.An Auto-Scaling group spans 3 AZs and currently has 4 running EC2 instances.When Auto Scaling needs to terminate an EC2 instance by default, AutoScaling will:Choose 2 answersA. Allow at least five minutes for Windows/Linux shutdown scripts to complete, before terminating the instance.B. Terminate the instance with the least active network connections. If multiple instances meet this criterion, one will be randomly selected.
C. Send an SNS notification, if configured to do so.
D. Terminate an instance in the AZ which currently has 2 running EC2 instances.
E. Randomly select one of the 3 AZs, and then terminate an instance in that AZ.
Answer: Send an SNS notification, if configured to do so. Terminate an instance in the AZ which currently has 2 running EC2 instances.
80.You are working with a customer who is using Chef configuration management in their datacenter. Which service is designed to let the customer leverage existing Chef recipes in AWS?A. Amazon Simple Workflow ServiceB. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS OpsWorks
Answer: AWS OpsWorks
81.You run an ad-supported photo sharing website using S3 to serve photos to visitors of yoursite. At some point you find out that other sites have been linking to the photos on your site,causing loss to your business. What is an effective method to mitigate this?A. Remove public read access and use signed URLs with expiry dates.B. Use CloudFront distributions for static content.
C. Block the IPs of the offending websites in Security Groups.
D. Store photos on an EBS volume of the web server.
Answer: Remove public read access and use signed URLs with expiry dates.
82.A customer needs corporate IT governance and cost oversight of all AWS resourcesconsumed by its divisions. The divisions want to maintain administrative control of thediscrete AWS resources they consume and keep those resources separate from theresources of other divisions. Which of the following options, when used together will supportthe autonomy/control of divisions while enabling corporate IT to maintain governance andcost oversight?Choose 2 answersA. Use AWS Consolidated Billing and disable AWS root account access for the child accounts.B. Enable IAM cross-account access for all corporate IT administrators in each child account.
C. Create separate VPCs for each division within the corporate IT AWS account.
D. Use AWS Consolidated Billing to link the divisions’ accounts to a parent corporate account.
E. Write all child AWS CloudTrail and Amazon CloudWatch logs to each child account’s Amazon S3 ‘Log’ bucket.
Answer: Enable IAM cross-account access for all corporate IT administrators in each child account. Use AWS Consolidated Billing to link the divisions’ accounts to a parent corporate account.
83.You are tasked with setting up a Linux bastion host for access to Amazon EC2 instancesrunning in your VPC. Only clients connecting from the corporate external public IP address72.34.51.100 should have SSH access to the host. Which option will meet the customerrequirement?A. Security Group Inbound Rule: Protocol -TCP. Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32B. Security Group Inbound Rule: Protocol -UDP, Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32
C. Network ACL Inbound Rule: Protocol -UDP, Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32
D. Network ACL Inbound Rule: Protocol -TCP, Port Range-22, Source 72.34.51.100/0
Answer: Security Group Inbound Rule: Protocol -TCP. Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32
84.Which of the following requires a custom CloudWatch metric to monitor?A. Memory Utilization of an EC2 instanceB. CPU Utilization of an EC2 instance
C. Disk usage activity of an EC2 instance
D. Data transfer of an EC2 instance
Answer: Memory Utilization of an EC2 instance
85.Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud feature can you query from within the instance toaccess instance properties?A. Instance user dataB. Resource tags
C. Instance metadata
D. Amazon Machine Image
Answer: Instance metadata
86.Which of the following are characteristics of a reserved instance? Choose 3 answersA. It can be migrated across Availability ZonesB. It is specific to an Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
C. It can be applied to instances launched by Auto Scaling
D. It is specific to an instance Type
E. It can be used to lower Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of a system
Answer: It can be migrated across Availability Zones It can be applied to instances launched by Auto Scaling It can be used to lower Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of a system
87.Which features can be used to restrict access to data in S3? Choose 2 answersA. Set an S3 ACL on the bucket or the object.B. Create a CloudFront distribution for the bucket.
C. Set an S3 bucket policy.
D. Enable IAM Identity Federation
E. Use S3 Virtual Hosting
Answer: Set an S3 ACL on the bucket or the object. Set an S3 bucket policy.
88.You are configuring your company’s application to use Auto Scaling and need to move userstate information. Which of the following AWS services provides a shared data store withdurability and low latency?A. AWS ElastiCache MemcachedB. Amazon Simple Storage Service
C. Amazon EC2 instance storage
D. Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: Amazon DynamoDB
89.Which of the following are valid statements about Amazon S3? Choose 2 answersA. S3 provides read-after-write consistency for any type of PUT or DELETE.B. Consistency is not guaranteed for any type of PUT or DELETE.
C. A successful response to a PUT request only occurs when a complete object is saved.
D. Partially saved objects are immediately readable with a GET after an overwrite PUT.
E. S3 provides eventual consistency for overwrite PUTS and DELETES.
Answer: A successful response to a PUT request only occurs when a complete object is saved. S3 provides eventual consistency for overwrite PUTS and DELETES.
90.After creating a new IAM user which of the following must be done before they cansuccessfully make API calls?A. Add a password to the user.B. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication for the user.
C. Assign a Password Policy to the user.
D. Create a set of Access Keys for the user.
Answer: Create a set of Access Keys for the user.
91.A company needs to deploy virtual desktops to its customers in a virtual private cloud,leveraging existing security controls. Which set of AWS services and features will meet thecompany’s requirements?A. Virtual Private Network connection. AWS Directory Services, and ClassicLinkB. Virtual Private Network connection. AWS Directory Services, and Amazon Workspaces
C. AWS Directory Service, Amazon Workspaces, and AWS Identity and Access Management
D. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, and AWS Identity and Access Management
Answer: Virtual Private Network connection. AWS Directory Services, and Amazon Workspaces
92.Which procedure for backing up a relational database on EC2 that is using a set of RAlDedEBS volumes for storage minimizes the time during which the database cannot be written toand results in a consistent backup?A. 1. Detach EBS volumes, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Re-attach EBS volumesB. 1. Stop the EC2 Instance. 2. Snapshot the EBS volumes
C. 1. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Create an image of the EC2 Instance, 3. Resume disk I/O
D. 1. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Resume disk I/O
E. 1. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Wait for snapshots to complete, 4. Resume disk I/O
Answer: 1. Stop the EC2 Instance. 2. Snapshot the EBS volumes
93.A company is storing data on Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). The company’s securitypolicy mandates that data is encrypted at rest. Which of the following methods can achievethis? Choose 3 answersA. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service managed keys.B. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer-provided keys.
C. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with EC2 key pair.
D. Use Amazon S3 bucket policies to restrict access to the data at rest.
E. Encrypt the data on the client-side before ingesting to Amazon S3 using their own master key.
F. Use SSL to encrypt the data while in transit to Amazon S3.
Answer: Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service managed keys. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer-provided keys. Encrypt the data on the client-side before ingesting to Amazon S3 using their own master key.
94.You need to configure an Amazon S3 bucket to serve static assets for your public-facing webapplication. Which methods ensure that all objects uploaded to the bucket are set to publicread? Choose 2 answersA. Set permissions on the object to public read during upload.B. Configure the bucket ACL to set all objects to public read.
C. Configure the bucket policy to set all objects to public read.
D. Use AWS Identity and Access Management roles to set the bucket to public read.
E. Amazon S3 objects default to public read, so no action is needed.
Answer: Set permissions on the object to public read during upload. Configure the bucket policy to set all objects to public read.
95.If you want to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances and assign eachinstance a predetermined private IP address you should:A. Launch the instance from a private Amazon Machine Image (AMI).B. Assign a group of sequential Elastic IP address to the instances.
C. Launch the instances in the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
D. Launch the instances in a Placement Group.
E. Use standard EC2 instances since each instance gets a private Domain Name Service (DNS) already.
Answer: Launch the instances in the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
96.A customer needs to capture all client connection information from their load balancer everyfive minutes. The company wants to use this data for analyzing traffic patterns andtroubleshooting their applications. Which of the following options meets the customerrequirements?A. Enable AWS CloudTrail for the load balancer.B. Enable access logs on the load balancer.
C. Install the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent on the load balancer.
D. Enable Amazon CloudWatch metrics on the load balancer.
Answer: Enable access logs on the load balancer.
97.How can you secure data at rest on an EBS volume?A. Attach the volume to an instance using EC2’s SSL interface.B. Write the data randomly instead of sequentially.
C. Encrypt the volume using the S3 server-side encryption service.
D. Create an IAM policy that restricts read and write access to the volume.
E. Use an encrypted file system on top of the EBS volume.
Answer: Use an encrypted file system on top of the EBS volume.
98.You are working with a customer who has 10 TB of archival data that they want to migrate toAmazon Glacier. The customer has a 1-Mbps connection to the Internet. Which service orfeature provides the fastest method of getting the data into Amazon Glacier?A. Amazon Glacier multipart uploadB. AWS Storage Gateway
C. VM Import/Export
D. AWS Import/Export
Answer: Amazon Glacier multipart upload
99.Per the AWS Acceptable Use Policy, penetration testing of EC2 instances:A. May be performed by AWS, and will be performed by AWS upon customer request.B. May be performed by AWS, and is periodically performed by AWS.
C. Are expressly prohibited under all circumstances.
D. May be performed by the customer on their own instances with prior authorization from AWS.
E. May be performed by the customer on their own instances, only if performed from EC2 instances
Answer: May be performed by the customer on their own instances with prior authorization from AWS.
100.What are characteristics of Amazon S3? Choose 2 answersA. S3 allows you to store objects of virtually unlimited size.B. S3 offers Provisioned IOPS.
C. S3 allows you to store unlimited amounts of data.
D. S3 should be used to host a relational database.
E. Objects are directly accessible via a URL.
Answer: S3 allows you to store unlimited amounts of data. Objects are directly accessible via a URL.
101.When creation of an EBS snapshot is initiated, but not completed, the EBS volume:A. Can be used while the snapshot is in progress.B. Cannot be detached or attached to an EC2 instance until the snapshot completes
C. Can be used in read-only mode while the snapshot is in progress.
D. Cannot be used until the snapshot completes.
Answer: Can be used while the snapshot is in progress.
102.A company has a workflow that sends video files from their on-premise system to AWS fortranscoding. They use EC2 worker instances that pull transcoding jobs from SQS. Why isSQS an appropriate service for this scenario?A. SQS guarantees the order of the messages.B. SQS synchronously provides transcoding output.
C. SQS checks the health of the worker instances.
D. SQS helps to facilitate horizontal scaling of encoding tasks.
Answer: SQS helps to facilitate horizontal scaling of encoding tasks.
103.What is a placement group?A. A collection of Auto Scaling groups in the same regionB. A feature that enables EC2 instances to interact with each other via high bandwidth, low latency connections
C. A collection of authorized CloudFront edge locations for a distribution
D. A collection of Elastic Load Balancers in the same Region or Availability Zone
Answer: A feature that enables EC2 instances to interact with each other via high bandwidth, low latency connections
104.A client application requires operating system privileges on a relational database server. Whatis an appropriate configuration for a highly available database architecture?A. A standalone Amazon EC2 instanceB. Amazon RDS in a Multi-AZ configuration
C. Amazon EC2 instances in a replication configuration utilizing a single Availability Zone
D. Amazon EC2 instances in a replication configuration utilizing two different Availability Zones
Answer: Amazon EC2 instances in a replication configuration utilizing two different Availability Zones
105.A customer wants to leverage Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) and Amazon Glacier aspart of their backup and archive infrastructure. The customer plans to use third-party softwareto support this integration. Which approach will limit the access of the third party software toonly the Amazon S3 bucket named “company-backup”?A. A custom bucket policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in thee Amazon Glacier archive “companybackup”B. A custom bucket policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in “company-backup”
C. A custom IAM user policy limited to the Amazon S3 API for the Amazon Glacier archive “company-backup”.
D. A custom IAM user policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in “company-backup”.
Answer: A custom IAM user policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in “company-backup”.
106.For which of the following use cases are Simple Workflow Service (SWF) and Amazon EC2an appropriate solution? Choose 2 answersA. Using as an endpoint to collect thousands of data points per hour from a distributed fleet of sensorsB. Managing a multi-step and multi-decision checkout process of an e-commerce website
C. Orchestrating the execution of distributed and auditable business processes
D. Using as an SNS (Simple Notification Service) endpoint to trigger execution of video transcoding jobs
E. Using as a distributed session store for your web application
Answer: Managing a multi-step and multi-decision checkout process of an e-commerce website Orchestrating the execution of distributed and auditable business processes
107.An instance is launched into a VPC subnet with the network ACL configured to allow allinbound traffic and deny all outbound traffic. The instance’s security group is configured toallow SSH from any IP address and deny all outbound traffic. What changes need to be madeto allow SSH access to the instance?A. The outbound security group needs to be modified to allow outbound traffic.B. The outbound network ACL needs to be modified to allow outbound traffic.
C. Nothing, it can be accessed from any IP address using SSH.
D. Both the outbound security group and outbound network ACL need to be modified to allow outbound traffic.
Answer: The outbound network ACL needs to be modified to allow outbound traffic.
108.How can the domain’s zone apex, for example, “myzoneapexdomain.com”, be pointedtowards an Elastic Load Balancer?A. By using an Amazon Route 53 Alias recordB. By using an AAAA record
C. By using an Amazon Route 53 CNAME record
D. By using an A record
Answer: By using an Amazon Route 53 Alias record
109.You launch an Amazon EC2 instance without an assigned AVVS identity and AccessManagement (IAM) role. Later, you decide that the instance should be running with an IAMrole. Which action must you take in order to have a running Amazon EC2 instance with anIAM role assigned to it?A. Create an image of the instance, and register the image with an IAM role assigned and an Amazon EBS volume mapping.B. Create a new IAM role with the same permissions as an existing IAM role, and assign it to the running instance.
C. Create an image of the instance, add a new IAM role with the same permissions as the desired IAM role, and deregister the image with the new role assigned.
D. Create an image of the instance, and use this image to launch a new instance with the desired IAM role assigned.
Answer: Create an image of the instance, and use this image to launch a new instance with the desired IAM role assigned.
110.You have launched an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance into a public subnetwith a primary private IP address assigned, an internet gateway is attached to the VPC, andthe public route table is configured to send all Internet-based traffic to the Internet gateway.The instance security group is set to allow all outbound traffic but cannot access the internet.Why is the Internet unreachable from this instance?A. The instance does not have a public IP address.B. The internet gateway security group must allow all outbound traffic.
C. The instance security group must allow all inbound traffic.
D. The instance “Source/Destination check” property must be enabled.
Answer: The instance does not have a public IP address.
111.A company wants to implement their website in a virtual private cloud (VPC). The web tier willuse an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones (AZs). The database will useMulti-AZ RDS MySQL and should not be publicly accessible. ‘What is the minimum number ofsubnets that need to be configured in the VPC?A. 1B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
Answer: 4
112.What is one key difference between an Amazon EBS-backed and an instance-store backedinstance?A. Amazon EBS-backed instances can be stopped and restarted.B. Instance-store backed instances can be stopped and restarted.
C. Auto scaling requires using Amazon EBS-backed instances.
D. Virtual Private Cloud requires EBS backed instances.
Answer: Amazon EBS-backed instances can be stopped and restarted.
113.When you put objects in Amazon S3, what is the indication that an object was successfullystored?A. A HTTP 200 result code and MD5 checksum, taken together, indicate that the operation was successful.B. Amazon S3 is engineered for 99.999999999% durability. Therefore there is no need to confirm that data was inserted.
C. A success code is inserted into the S3 object metadata.
D. Each S3 account has a special bucket named _s3_logs. Success codes are written to this bucket with a timestamp and checksum.
Answer: A HTTP 200 result code and MD5 checksum, taken together, indicate that the operation was successful.
114.Which of the following items are required to allow an application deployed on an EC2 instanceto write data to a DynamoDB table? Assume that no security keys are allowed to be stored onthe EC2 instance.(Choose 2 answers)A. Create an IAM Role that allows write access to the DynamoDB table.B. Add an IAM Role to a running EC2 instance.
C. Create an IAM User that allows write access to the DynamoDB table.
D. Add an IAM User to a running EC2 instance.
E. Launch an EC2 Instance with the IAM Role included in the launch configuration.
Answer: Create an IAM Role that allows write access to the DynamoDB table. Launch an EC2 Instance with the IAM Role included in the launch configuration.
115.When an EC2 EBS-backed (EBS root) instance is stopped, what happens to the data on anyephemeral store volumes?A. Data is automatically saved in an EBS volume.B. Data is unavailable until the instance is restarted.
C. Data will be deleted and will no longer be accessible.
D. Data is automatically saved as an EBS snapshot.
Answer: Data will be deleted and will no longer be accessible.
116.You have decided to change the instance type for instances running in your application tierthat is using Auto Scaling. In which area below would you change the instance typedefinition?A. Auto Scaling policyB. Auto Scaling group
C. Auto Scaling tags
D. Auto Scaling launch configuration
Answer: Auto Scaling launch configuration
117.You have a web application running on six Amazon EC2 instances, consuming about 45% ofresources on each instance. You are using auto-scaling to make sure that six instances arerunning at all times. The number of requests this application processes is consistent and doesnot experience spikes. The application is critical to your business and you want highavailability at all times. You want the load to be distributed evenly between all instances. Youalso want to use the same Amazon Machine Image (AMI) for all instances. Which of thefollowing architectural choices should you make?A. Deploy 6 EC2 instances in one availability zone and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.B. Deploy 3 EC2 instances in one region and 3 in another region and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
C. Deploy 3 EC2 instances in one availability zone and 3 in another availability zone and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
D. Deploy 2 EC2 instances in three regions and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
Answer: Deploy 3 EC2 instances in one availability zone and 3 in another availability zone and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
118.In AWS, which security aspects are the customer’s responsibility? Choose 4 answersA. Security Group and ACL (Access Control List) settingsB. Decommissioning storage devices
C. Patch management on the EC2 instance’s operating system
D. Life-cycle management of IAM credentials
E. Controlling physical access to compute resources
F. Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes
Answer: Security Group and ACL (Access Control List) settings Patch management on the EC2 instance’s operating system Life-cycle management of IAM credentials Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes
119.Your web application front end consists of multiple EC2 instances behind an Elastic LoadBalancer. You configured ELB to perform health checks on these EC2 instances, if aninstance fails to pass health checks, which statement will be true?A. The instance gets terminated automatically by the ELB.B. The instance gets quarantined by the ELB for root cause analysis.
C. The instance is replaced automatically by the ELB.
D. The ELB stops sending traffic to the instance that failed its health check.
Answer: The ELB stops sending traffic to the instance that failed its health check.
120.A customer is leveraging Amazon Simple Storage Service in eu-west-1 to store static contentfor a web-based property. The customer is storing objects using the Standard Storage class.Where are the customers objects replicated?A. A single facility in eu-west-1 and a single facility in eu-central-1B. A single facility in eu-west-1 and a single facility in us-east-1
C. Multiple facilities in eu-west-1
D. A single facility in eu-west-1
Answer: Multiple facilities in eu-west-1
121.Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon VPC subnets? Choose 2 answersA. Each subnet spans at least 2 Availability Zones to provide a high-availability environment.B. Each subnet maps to a single Availability Zone.
C. CIDR block mask of/25 is the smallest range supported.
D. By default, all subnets can route between each other, whether they are private or public.
E. Instances in a private subnet can communicate with the Internet only if they have an Elastic IP.
Answer: Each subnet maps to a single Availability Zone. By default, all subnets can route between each other, whether they are private or public.
122.Which technique can be used to integrate AWS IAM (Identity and Access Management) withan on-premise LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) directory service?A. Use an IAM policy that references the LDAP account identifiers and the AWS credentials.B. Use SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language) to enable single sign-on between AWS and LDAP.
C. Use AWS Security Token Service from an identity broker to issue short-lived AWS credentials.
D. Use IAM roles to automatically rotate the IAM credentials when LDAP credentials are updated.
E. Use the LDAP credentials to restrict a group of users from launching specific EC2 instance types.
Answer: Use SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language) to enable single sign-on between AWS and LDAP.
123.Your application provides data transformation services. Files containing data to betransformed are first uploaded to Amazon S3 and then transformed by a fleet of spot EC2instances.Files submitted by your premium customers must be transformed with the highest priority.How should you implement such a system?A. Use a DynamoDB table with an attribute defining the priority level. Transformation instances will scan the table for tasks, sorting the results by priority level.B. Use Route 53 latency based-routing to send high priority tasks to the closest transformation instances.
C. Use two SQS queues, one for high priority messages, the other for default priority. Transformation instances first poll the high priority queue; if there is no message, they poll the default priority queue.
D. Use a single SQS queue. Each message contains the priority level. Transformation instances poll high-priority messages first.
Answer: Use two SQS queues, one for high priority messages, the other for default priority. Transformation instances first poll the high priority queue; if there is no message, they poll the default priority queue.
124.A company is building a two-tier web application to serve dynamic transaction-based content.The data tier is leveraging an Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) database.What services should you leverage to enable an elastic and scalable web tier?A. Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon EC2, and Auto ScalingB. Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ, and Amazon S3
C. Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ and Auto Scaling
D. Amazon EC2, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon S3
Answer: Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon EC2, and Auto Scaling
125.Which services allow the customer to retain full administrative privileges of the underlyingEC2 instances? Choose 2 answersA. Amazon Relational Database ServiceB. Amazon Elastic Map Reduce
C. Amazon ElastiCache
D. Amazon DynamoDB
E. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Answer: Amazon Elastic Map Reduce AWS Elastic Beanstalk
126.Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?A. Only in VPCB. Yes
C. Only in certain regions
D. No
Answer: Yes
127.Amazon RDS supports SOAP only through __________.A. HTTP or HTTPSB. TCP/IP
C. HTTP
D. HTTPS
Answer: HTTPS
128.Can I initiate a “forced failover” for my Oracle Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?A. YesB. Only in certain regions
C. Only in VPC
D. No
Answer: Yes
129.Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?A. Yes for all usersB. Yes for all users except root
C. No
D. Yes unless special permission granted
Answer: Yes for all users
130.Are you able to integrate a multi-factor token service with the AWS Platform?A. No, you cannot integrate multi-factor token devices with the AWS platform.B. Yes, you can integrate private multi-factor token devices to authenticate users to the AWS platform.
C. Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
Answer: Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
131.Will I be charged if the DB instance is idle?A. NoB. Yes
C. Only is running in GovCloud
D. Only if running in VPC
Answer: Yes
132.Within the IAM service a GROUP is regarded as a:A. A collection of AWS accountsB. It’s the group of EC2 machines that gain the permissions specified in the GROUP.
C. There’s no GROUP in IAM, but only USERS and RESOURCES.
D. A collection of users.
Answer: A collection of users.
133.What does Amazon EBS stand for?A. Elastic Block StorageB. Elastic Business Server
C. Elastic Blade Server
D. Elastic Block Store
Answer: Elastic Block Store
134.What does the “Server Side Encryption” option on Amazon S3 provide?A. It provides an encrypted virtual disk in the Cloud.B. It doesn’t exist for Amazon S3, but only for Amazon EC2.
C. It encrypts the files that you send to Amazon S3, on the server side.
D. It allows to upload files using an SSL endpoint, for a secure transfer.
Answer: It encrypts the files that you send to Amazon S3, on the server side.
135.Does AWS Direct Connect allow you access to all Availabilities Zones within a Region?A. Depends on the type of connectionB. No
C. Yes
D. Only when there’s just one availability zone in a region. If there are more than one, only one availability zone can be accessed directly.
Answer: Yes
136.What’s an ECU?A. Extended Cluster User.B. None of these.
C. Elastic Computer Usage.
D. Elastic Compute Unit.
Answer: None of these.
137.Can I detach the primary (eth0) network interface when the instance is running or stopped?A. Yes, You can.B. No. You cannot
C. Depends on the state of the interface at the time
Answer: No. You cannot
138.HTTP Query-based requests are HTTP requests that use the HTTP verb GET or POST and aQuery parameter named_____________.A. ActionB. Value
C. Reset
D. Retrieve
Answer: Action
139.Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?A. Only in VPCB. Yes
C. Only in certain regions
D. No
Answer: Yes
140.The Amazon EC2 web service can be accessed using the _____ web services messagingprotocol. This interface is described by a Web Services Description Language (WSDL)document.A. SOAPB. DCOM
C. CORBA
D. XML-RPC
Answer: SOAP
141.Amazon RDS supports SOAP only through __________.A. HTTP or HTTPSB. TCP/IP
C. HTTP
D. HTTPS
Answer: HTTPS
142.Without _____, you must either create multiple AWS accounts-each with its own billing andsubscriptions to AWS products-or your employees must share the security credentials of asingle AWS account.A. Amazon RDSB. Amazon Glacier
C. Amazon EMR
D. Amazon IAM
Answer: Amazon IAM
143.In the Amazon RDS Oracle DB engine, the Database Diagnostic Pack and the DatabaseTuning Pack are only available with ______________A. Oracle Standard EditionB. Oracle Express Edition
C. Oracle Enterprise Edition
D. None of these
Answer: Oracle Enterprise Edition
144.Amazon EC2 provides a repository of public data sets that can be seamlessly integrated intoAWS cloud-based applications.What is the monthly charge for using the public data sets?A. A 1 time charge of 10$ for all the datasets.B. 1$ per dataset per month
C. 10$ per month for all the datasets
D. There is no charge for using the public data sets
Answer: There is no charge for using the public data sets
145.Can I initiate a “forced failover” for my Oracle Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?A. YesB. Only in certain regions
C. Only in VPC
D. No
Answer: Yes
146.Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?A. Yes for all usersB. Yes for all users except root
C. No
D. Yes unless special permission granted
Answer: Yes for all users
147.True or False: When you add a rule to a DB security group, you do not need to specify portnumber or protocol.A. Depends on the RDMS usedB. TRUE
C. FALSE
Answer: TRUE
148.Are you able to integrate a multi-factor token service with the AWS Platform?A. No, you cannot integrate multi-factor token devices with the AWS platform.B. Yes, you can integrate private multi-factor token devices to authenticate users to the AWS platform.
C. Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
Answer: Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
149.To help you manage your Amazon EC2 instances, images, and other Amazon EC2resources, you can assign your own metadata to each resource in the form of____________A. special filtersB. functions
C. tags
D. wildcards
Answer: tags
150.Will I be charged if the DB instance is idle?A. NoB. Yes
C. Only is running in GovCloud
D. Only if running in VPC
Answer: Yes
151.Do the system resources on the Micro instance meet the recommended configuration forOracle?A. Yes completelyB. Yes but only for certain situations
C. Not in any circumstance
Answer: Yes but only for certain situations
152.After an Amazon VPC instance is launched, can I change the VPC security groups it belongsto?A. No. You cannot.B. Yes. You can.
C. Only if you are the root user
D. Only if the tag “VPC_Change_Group” is true
Answer: Yes. You can.
153.A __________ is the concept of allowing (or disallowing) an entity such as a user, group, orrole some type of access to one or more resources.A. userB. AWS Account
C. resource
D. permission
Answer: permission
154.Within the IAM service a GROUP is regarded as a:A. A collection of AWS accountsB. It’s the group of EC2 machines that gain the permissions specified in the GROUP.
C. There’s no GROUP in IAM, but only USERS and RESOURCES.
D. A collection of users.
Answer: A collection of users.
155.What does Amazon EBS stand for?A. Elastic Block StorageB. Elastic Business Server
C. Elastic Blade Server
D. Elastic Block Store
Answer: Elastic Block Store
156.What does the “Server Side Encryption” option on Amazon S3 provide?A. It provides an encrypted virtual disk in the Cloud.B. It doesn’t exist for Amazon S3, but only for Amazon EC2.
C. It encrypts the files that you send to Amazon S3, on the server side.
D. It allows to upload files using an SSL endpoint, for a secure transfer.
Answer: It encrypts the files that you send to Amazon S3, on the server side.
157.Does AWS Direct Connect allow you access to all Availabilities Zones within a Region?A. Depends on the type of connectionB. No
C. Yes
D. Only when there’s just one availability zone in a region. If there are more than one, only one availability zone can be accessed directly.
Answer: Yes
158.What is the charge for the data transfer incurred in replicating data between your primary andstandby?A. No charge. It is free.B. Double the standard data transfer charge
C. Same as the standard data transfer charge
D. Half of the standard data transfer charge
Answer: No charge. It is free.
159.REST or Query requests are HTTP or HTTPS requests that use an HTTP verb (such as GETor POST) and a parameter named Action or Operation that specifies the API you are calling.A. FALSEB. TRUE
Answer: TRUE
160.What’s an ECU?A. Extended Cluster User.B. None of these.
C. Elastic Computer Usage.
D. Elastic Compute Unit.
Answer: None of these.
161.Can I detach the primary (eth0) network interface when the instance is running or stopped?A. Yes, You can.B. No. You cannot
C. Depends on the state of the interface at the time
Answer: No. You cannot
162.Amazon S3 doesn’t automatically give a user who creates _____ permission to perform otheractions on that bucket or object.A. a fileB. a bucket or object
C. a bucket or file
D. a object or file
Answer: a bucket or object
163.What does Amazon SES stand for?A. Simple Elastic ServerB. Simple Email Service
C. Software Email Solution
D. Software Enabled Server
Answer: Simple Email Service
164.What is an isolated database environment running in the cloud (Amazon RDS) called?A. DB InstanceB. DB Unit
C. DB Server
D. DB Volume
Answer: DB Instance
165.Is there a method in the IAM system to allow or deny access to a specific instance?A. Only for VPC based instancesB. Yes
C. No
Answer: Yes
166.Does Dynamic DB support in-place atomic updates?A. It is not definedB. No
C. Yes
D. It does support in-place non-atomic updates
Answer: Yes
167.What is the maximum response time for a Business level Premium Support case?A. 30 minutesB. 1 hour
C. 12 hours
D. 10 minutes
Answer: 1 hour
168.Is there any way to own a direct connection to Amazon Web Services?A. You can create an encrypted tunnel to VPC, but you don’t own the connection.B. Yes, it’s called Amazon Dedicated Connection.
C. No, AWS only allows access from the public Internet.
D. Yes, it’s called Direct Connect.
Answer: Yes, it’s called Direct Connect.
169.Location of Instances are ____________A. RegionalB. based on Availability Zone
C. Global
Answer: based on Availability Zone
170.Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?A. Yes for all users except rootB. No
C. Yes unless special permission granted
D. Yes for all users
Answer: Yes unless special permission granted
171.What does Amazon CloudFormation provide?A. None of these.B. The ability to setup Autoscaling for Amazon EC2 instances.
C. A template to map network resources for Amazon Web Services.
D. A templated resource creation for Amazon Web Services.
Answer: A template to map network resources for Amazon Web Services.
172.What does Amazon ELB stand for?A. Elastic Linux Box.B. Encrypted Linux Box.
C. Encrypted Load Balancing.
D. Elastic Load Balancing.
Answer: Elastic Load Balancing.
173.What is the maximum response time for a Business level Premium Support case?A. 30 minutesB. You always get instant responses (within a few seconds).
C. 10 minutes
D. 1 hour
Answer: 1 hour
174.What does Amazon RDS stand for?A. Regional Data Server.B. Relational Database Service.
C. Nothing.
D. Regional Database Service.
Answer: Relational Database Service.
175.If I want my instance to run on a single-tenant hardware, which value do I have to set theinstance’s tenancy attribute to?A. dedicatedB. isolated
C. one
D. reserved
Answer: dedicated
176.Do the Amazon EBS volumes persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2instance?A. NoB. Only if instructed to when created
C. Yes
Answer: Yes
177.Fill in the blanks: _____ is a durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to asingle, running Amazon EC2 instance.A. Amazon S3B. Amazon EBS
C. None of these
D. All of these
Answer: Amazon EBS
178.You can use _____ and _____ to help secure the instances in your VPC.A. security groups and multi-factor authenticationB. security groups and 2-Factor authentication
C. security groups and biometric authentication
D. security groups and network ACLs
Answer: security groups and network ACLs
179.Are you able to integrate a multi-factor token service with the AWS Platform?A. Yes, you can integrate private multi-factor token devices to authenticate users to the AWS platform.B. No, you cannot integrate multi-factor token devices with the AWS platform.
C. Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
Answer: Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
180.By default what are ENIs that are automatically created and attached to instances using theEC2 console set to do when the attached instance terminates?A. Remain as isB. Terminate
C. Hibernate
D. Pause
Answer: Terminate
181.Can the string value of ‘Key’ be prefixed with laws?A. NoB. Only for EC2 not S3
C. Yes
D. Only for S3 not EC
Answer: No
182.In the ‘Detailed’ monitoring data available for your Amazon EBS volumes, Provisioned IOPSvolumes automatically send _____ minute metrics to Amazon CloudWatch.A. 5B. 2
C. 1
D. 3
Answer: 1
183.In the context of MySQL, version numbers are organized as MySQL version = X.Y.Z. Whatdoes X denote here?A. release levelB. minor version
C. version number
D. major version
Answer: major version
184.What does the following command do with respect to the Amazon EC2 security groups? ec2-revoke RevokeSecurityGroupIngressA. Removes one or more security groups from a rule.B. Removes one or more security groups from an Amazon EC2 instance.
C. Removes one or more rules from a security group.
D. Removes a security group from our account.
Answer: Removes one or more rules from a security group.
185.What is the maximum write throughput I can provision for a single Dynamic DB table?A. 1,000 write capacity unitsB. 100,000 write capacity units
C. Dynamic DB is designed to scale without limits, but if you go beyond 10,000 you have to contact AWS first.
D. 10,000 write capacity units
Answer: Dynamic DB is designed to scale without limits, but if you go beyond 10,000 you have to contact AWS first.
186.How can I change the security group membership for interfaces owned by other AWS, suchas Elastic Load Balancing?A. By using the service specific console or API\\CLI commandsB. None of these
C. Using Amazon EC2 API/CLI
D. using all these methods
Answer: By using the service specific console or API\\CLI commands
187.Fill in the blanks: _________ let you categorize your EC2 resources in different ways, forexample, by purpose, owner, or environment.A. wildcardsB. pointers
C. Tags
D. special filters
Answer: Tags
188.Which of the following cannot be used in Amazon EC2 to control who has access to specificAmazon EC2 instances?A. Security GroupsB. IAM System
C. SSH keys
D. Windows passwords
Answer: IAM System
189.Can Amazon S3 uploads resume on failure or do they need to restart?A. Restart from beginningB. You can resume them, if you flag the “resume on failure” option before uploading.
C. Resume on failure
D. Depends on the file size
Answer: Resume on failure
190.Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?A. Only in certain regionsB. Only with MSSQL based RDS
C. Only for Oracle RDS types
D. No
Answer: Only with MSSQL based RDS
191.Out of the stripping options available for the EBS volumes, which one has the followingdisadvantage :‘Doubles the amount of I/O required from the instance to EBS compared to RAID 0, becauseyou’re mirroring all writes to a pair of volumes, limiting how much you can stripe.’ ?A. Raid 0B. RAID 1+0 (RAID 10)
C. Raid 1
D. Raid
Answer: Raid 1
192.Disabling automated backups ______ disable the point-in-time recovery.A. if configured to canB. will never
C. will
Answer: will
193.EBS Snapshots occur _____A. AsynchronouslyB. Synchronously
C. Weekly
Answer: Asynchronously
194.What does a “Domain” refer to in Amazon SWF?A. A security group in which only tasks inside can communicate with each otherB. A special type of worker
C. A collection of related Workflows
D. The DNS record for the Amazon SWF service
Answer: A collection of related Workflows
195.What are the two types of licensing options available for using Amazon RDS for Oracle?A. BYOL and Enterprise LicenseB. BYOL and License Included
C. Enterprise License and License Included
D. Role based License and License Included
Answer: BYOL and License Included
196.Typically, you want your application to check whether a request generated an error beforeyou spend any time processing results. The easiest way to find out if an error occurred is tolook for an __________ node in the response from the Amazon RDS API.A. IncorrectB. Error
C. FALSE
Answer: Error
197.While creating the snapshots using the command line tools, which command should I beusing?A. ec2-deploy-snapshotB. ec2-fresh-snapshot
C. ec2-create-snapshot
D. ec2-new-snapshot
Answer: ec2-create-snapshot
198.Fill in the blanks: The base URI for all requests for instance metadata is ___________A. http://254.169.169.254/latest/B. http://169.169.254.254/latest/
C. http://127.0.0.1/latest/
D. http://169.254.169.254/latest/
Answer: http://169.254.169.254/latest/
199.How many relational database engines does RDS currently support?A. Three: MySQL, Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server.B. Just two: MySQL and Oracle.
C. Six: Amazon Aurora, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL and MariaDB.
D. Just one: MySQL.
Answer: Three: MySQL, Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server.
200.Amazon RDS automated backups and DB Snapshots are currently supported for only the__________ storage engineA. InnoDBB. MyISAM
Answer: InnoDB
201.What does the AWS Storage Gateway provide?A. It allows to integrate on-premises IT environments with Cloud Storage.B. A direct encrypted connection to Amazon S3.
C. It’s a backup solution that provides an on-premises Cloud storage.
D. It provides an encrypted SSL endpoint for backups in the Cloud.
Answer: It allows to integrate on-premises IT environments with Cloud Storage.
202.True or False: Automated backups are enabled by default for a new DB Instance.A. TRUEB. FALSE
Answer: TRUE
203.Can we attach an EBS volume to more than one EC2 instance at the same time?A. NoB. Yes.
C. Only EC2-optimized EBS volumes.
D. Only in read mode.
Answer: No
204.What will be the status of the snapshot until the snapshot is complete.A. runningB. working
C. progressing
D. pending
Answer: pending
205.True or False: When using IAM to control access to your RDS resources, the key names thatcan be used are case sensitive. For example,aws:CurrentTime is NOT equivalent to AWS:currenttime.A. TRUEB. FALSE
Answer: FALSE
206.What does Amazon Elastic Beanstalk provide?A. A scalable storage appliance on top of Amazon Web Services.B. An application container on top of Amazon Web Services.
C. A service by this name doesn’t exist.
D. A scalable cluster of EC2 instances.
Answer: An application container on top of Amazon Web Services.
207.Can I control if and when MySQL based RDS Instance is upgraded to new supportedversions?A. NoB. Only in VPC
C. Yes
Answer: Yes
208.Amazon SWF is designed to help users…A. Design graphical user interface interactionsB. Manage user identification and authorization
C. Store Web content
D. Coordinate synchronous and asynchronous tasks which are distributed and fault tolerant.
Answer: Coordinate synchronous and asynchronous tasks which are distributed and fault tolerant.
